Next iteration of facelift (#382)
keptn/keptn.github.io: content/home/usage-left.md

![Developers](/images/home/icon-tags.svg)

**Developers** \

> to focus on code instead of writing tons of configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to focus on code instead of writing tons of configuration files
```

> to focus on code instead of writing tons of configuration cod

Reviewer 2: "code" is correct, "cod" is wrong. So there was no typo to fix.

Reviewer 2: After looking up "cod" and thinking about what we are trying to say here, I would suggest we remove the last word and just say

"to focus on code instead of writing tons of configurations"

Author: @christian-kreuzberger-dtx @dirkwall 

Should we use `configurations` or `configuration`. I see that in https://github.com/keptn/keptn.github.io/pull/383, this was corrected to the latter.
